First we start by creating 7 classes which are Product , Clothing product , electronic product , Book product, customer , cart and order. Clothing product , electronic product and book product inherit characteristics from superclass Product. We declare attributes and methods for each class according to the question . Since some of the attributes are private we have to create setters and getters to have access over this attribures. We create a parametric constructor in these classes to send values from main. Starting of with Cart class, we have a method called AddProduct(),RemoveProduct(),CalculatePrice(),PlaceOrder(). In Cart, starting by AddProduct() which takes object of type Product as a parameter and we did create an array of type Product of size nProducts. In the body in each index in the array we add a certain product according to the user's choice of order . Moving on to the RemoveProduct() method which takes an object of type Product as a parameter. we state a condition if index in the array is equal to deired product to be removed we will decrement size of the array and remove product but if index of the array is not equal to desired product to be removed it will print "Not the desired product to  be removed". CalculatePrice() first we declare a variable called TotalPrice and initialize it by 0 then we create a for each loop which iterates over each product in the array and calculate total price of elements and finally will return TotalPrice. we create PlaceOrder() of type Order and takes orderid as a parameter which is equal to 1 because we only have one order. first we will create an object from class Order to access its attributes and methods it will ask the user "would you like to place your order?" if users enters 1 (Yes) it will confirm it and show the reciept of customer's order by using a method called PrintOrderInfo() in class Order but if user enters 2 (No) order will be cancelled finally will return object order. In Order, we will create a method called PrintOrderInfo() which prints OrderId , CustometrId , Products of customer and TotalPrice. we will create a for each loop which iterates over each product in the array and prints its name using object products to call the method getname() and its price by the same way. Moving on to the main, we will create 3 objects first one for  clothing product second one for electronic product third one for book product. we will ask the user to enter his/her id , name and address then create customer from class Customer and insert in its constructor id, name and address. Then we will ask the user "How many products you want to add" and this will be the size of the array which is equal to nProducts then create an array with size nProducts and create object from class Cart to access its attributes and methods. we will create a for loop which ask user to choose between "Smartphone" , "T-Shirt" , "OOP" nProducts times. we will create object of type Product and initialize it by null then create switch. first case if user chooses 1 will put the value of product with electronic product object then break and add it to the array by using the method AddProduct() in Cart  , chooses 2 will put the value of product with clothing product object then break and add it to the arry , chooses 3 will put the value of product with book product object then break and add it to the array else will print "Invalid Choice" and skip this loop and iterate again until it reaches nProducts times. Finally it will print TotalPrice of the products by using the method CalculatePrice() and print order receipt using PrintOrderInfo() in class Order.

In the GUI, we start by importing javax.swing.JOptionPane. First we will use JOptionPane.showmessage to show this messaege "Welcome to EcommerceSystem!" with a message type JOptionPane.PLAIN_MESSAGE then JOptionPnae.showInputDialog to ask user to enter id, name , address and number of products to add then create object from class cart with parametric constructor contains customerid and number of products then create an array of type String and initialize it with {"Smartphone","T-Shirt","OOP"}. We will creat a for loop which iterates nProducts times and use JOptionPane.showOptionDialog and add message which ask user which product he/she wants to add and use JOptionPane.YES_NO_CANCEL_OPTION and message type is Question message and type of options is the array we have made then we state a condition if user chooses 0 then by using method AddProduct() in cart we add electronic product in the array and if user chooses 1 will add book product to array in the same way and if user chooses 2 will add book product in same way. FInally we will use JOptionPane.showConfirmDialog put a message to tell user his/her total price by using method CalculatePrice() in cart  and message type JOptionPane.QUESTION_MESSAGE and option type JOptionPane.YES_NO_OPTION then state a condition that if user chooses 0 which refers to Yes option then will create order object and uses the method PlaceOrder() which takes orderid as a parameter which is 1 and print the receipt of order by using PrintOrderInfo() in Order Class.
